OADP-3399: Reworking OpenShift KubeVirt OADP docs (#72372)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/install-and-configure-oadp-kubevirt.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/installing/installing-oadp-kubevirt.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="install-and-configure-oadp-kubevirt"]
= Installing and configuring {oadp-short} with {VirtProductName}

As a cluster administrator, you install {oadp-short} by installing the {oadp-short} Operator.

The Operator installs link:https://velero.io/docs/v{velero-version}[Velero {velero-version}].

.Prerequisites

* Access to the cluster as a user with the `cluster-admin` role.

.Procedure

. Install the xref:../../../backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/installing/about-installing-oadp.adoc#about-installing-oadp[OADP Operator] according to the instructions for your storage provider.

. Install the xref:oadp-installing-dpa-1-3_installing-oadp-kubevirt[Data Protection Application (DPA)] with the `kubevirt` and `openshift` xref:../../../backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/oadp-features-plugins.adoc#oadp-plugins_oadp-features-plugins[plugins].

> . Back up virtual machines by creating a xref:../../../backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/backing_up_and_restoring/backing-up-applications.adoc#backing-up-applications[`Backup` custom resource (CR)].

Reviewer: You can't have xrefs in a module, which is why your build is broken. In my comment yesterday, I suggested that you consider pulling these links into an `==Additional resources` heading instead of categorizing them as a `.Procedure`, which they aren't. This entire "procedure" is more like an overview of procedures to come.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//

> // backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/installing/installing-oadp-kubevirt.adoc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/installing/installing-oadp-kubevirt.adoc
```

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

> [id="install-and-configure-oadp-kubevirt"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="install-and-configure-oadp-kubevirt_{context}"]
```

= Installing and configuring {oadp-short} with {VirtProductName}

As a cluster administrator, you install {oadp-short} by installing the {oadp-short} Operator.

The Operator installs link:https://velero.io/docs/v{velero-version}[Velero {velero-version}].

.Prerequisites

* Access to the cluster as a user with the `cluster-admin` role.

.Procedure

> . Install the {oadp-short} Operator according to the instructions for your storage provider.

Reviewer 2: This procedure doesn't make sense to me. 

Description: "As a cluster administrator, you install {oadp-short} by installing the {oadp-short} Operator."

Step 1: "Install the {oadp-short} Operator according to the instructions for your storage provider."

It doesn't actually tell me how to do what the title indicates.

Author: It has been approved multiple times

> . Install the xref:../../../backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/installing/about-installing-oadp.adoc#about-installing-oadp[OADP Operator] according to the instructions for your storage provider.

Author: ```suggestion
. Install the {oadp-short} Operator according to the instructions for your storage provider.
```

> . Install the xref:oadp-installing-dpa-1-3_installing-oadp-kubevirt[Data Protection Application (DPA)] with the `kubevirt` and `openshift` xref:../../../backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/oadp-features-plugins.adoc#oadp-plugins_oadp-features-plugins[plugins].

Author: ```suggestion
. Install the Data Protection Application (DPA)] with the `kubevirt` and `openshift` {oadp-short} plugins.
```

> . Back up virtual machines by creating a xref:../../../backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/backing_up_and_restoring/backing-up-applications.adoc#backing-up-applications[`Backup` custom resource (CR)].

Author: ```suggestion
. Back up virtual machines by creating a `Backup` custom resource (CR).
```

+
[WARNING]
====
Red Hat support is limited to only the following options:

* CSI backups

* CSI backups with DataMover.
====

> You restore the `Backup` CR by creating a xref:../../../backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/backing_up_and_restoring/restoring-applications.adoc#restoring-applications[`Restore` CR].

Author: ```suggestion
You restore the `Backup` CR by creating a `Restore` CR.
```

> To install the {oadp-short} Operator in a restricted network environment, you must first disable the default OperatorHub sources and mirror the Operator catalog. 

Reviewer 2: This should be at the top of the procedure somewhere so that readers who are working in restricted environments don't go down the wrong path.

Author: It has been approved multiple times

Reviewer 2: I'm a layer of that approval. Would this be good for someone in this environment to know up front or not? @anarnold97

Reviewer: I'm sorry @anarnold97, peer review is really a collective effort. None of us are full time editors, and this is a good detail that I missed. To back up the importance, its well-known that restricted environment users already struggle a lot.

> To install the {oadp-short} Operator in a restricted network environment, you must first disable the default OperatorHub sources and mirror the Operator catalog. 

Author: ```suggestion
```

> To install the {oadp-short} Operator in a restricted network environment, you must first disable the default OperatorHub sources and mirror the Operator catalog. For details, see xref:../../../operators/admin/olm-restricted-networks.adoc#olm-restricted-networks[Using Operator Lifecycle Manager on restricted networks].

Author: ```suggestion
To install the {oadp-short} Operator in a restricted network environment, you must first disable the default OperatorHub sources and mirror the Operator catalog. 
```
